Docker Desktop release notes for 4.25.0 (#18506)
docker/docs: content/desktop/release-notes.md

For frequently asked questions about Docker Desktop releases, see [FAQs](faqs/releases.md).

## 4.25.0

{{< release-date date="2023-10-26" >}}

{{< desktop-install all=true version="4.25.0" build_path="/" >}}

### Upgrades

- [Compose v2.23.0](https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/tag/v2.23.0)
- [Docker Scout CLI v1.0.9](https://github.com/docker/scout-cli/releases/tag/v1.0.9).
- [Kubernetes v1.28.2](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/releases/tag/v1.28.2)
- [cri-dockerd v0.3.4](https://github.com/Mirantis/cri-dockerd/releases/tag/v0.3.4)
- [CNI plugins v1.3.0](https://github.com/containernetworking/plugins/releases/tag/v1.3.0)
- [cri-tools v1.28.0](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/cri-tools/releases/tag/v1.28.0)

> ### New

Reviewer: fwiw these are all components for K8s, so I'd either omit them or make them sub-bullets of the K8s v1.28.2 entry

Author: I've added subbullets!

> ### New

Reviewer 2: Let's move the 'New' section above 'Upgrades'

> - Rosetta is now available for all users on MacOS 13 or greater, providing faster emulation of Intel-based images on Apple Silicon.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Rosetta is now Generally Available for all users on macOS 13 or later. It provides faster emulation of Intel-based images on Apple Silicon. To use Rosetta, see [Settings](settings/mac.md)
```

Author: ```
- Rosetta is now Generally Available for all users on macOS 13 or later. It provides faster emulation of Intel-based images on Apple Silicon. To use Rosetta, see [Settings](settings/mac.md). Rosetta is enabled by default on macOS 14.1 and later.
```

Reviewer 2: Suggestion looks good to me @lorenrh!

> - Docker Desktop will now detect if a WSL version is out of date. If an out dated version of WSL is detected, you can now optionally allow Docker Desktop automatically updates the installation or manually update WSL outside of Docker Desktop.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Docker Desktop now detects if a WSL version is out of date. If an out dated version of WSL is detected, you can allow Docker Desktop to automatically update the installation or you can manually update WSL outside of Docker Desktop.
```

> - Installation pre-requisites for Windows is now higher than 19043 for both GAC and LTSC.

Reviewer 2: Will people know what GAC and LTSC is? Is it necessary? We don't use this in our installation pages

Author: yeah, it's a bit to obscure maybe. I think there is a version of 19043 that still has support, @KatTomrushka might have more insight on that. We can leave it at 

`- Installation pre-requisites for Windows is now higher than 19043` 

?

Reviewer 3: Hey both, it's based on the Windows channels wiki: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_10_version_history#Channels

I have also prepared a more user friendly version that is going into the blog: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1bxQCB4jqSN-Fx0yFraFrX0jNS3tefhoa6PVFeZzidrU/edit#heading=h.1hp66jvcc8ul

Reviewer 2: Thanks @KatTomrushka for the extra context, I think given the blog info and the rest of docs, your second suggestion is fine @lorenrh. Let's keep it consistent with how we present it elsewhere

Reviewer 2: actually let's go with `Docker Desktop for Windows now requires a Windows version of 19044 or later.`

> - Prevent Docker Desktop users from enabling Docker Scout image analysis via settings in `admin-settings.json`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Administrators can now prevent their users from enabling Docker Scout image analysis in [Settings Management](hardened-desktop/settings-management/configure.md) 
```

Reviewer 4: How about using "ability to control" instead of "prevent users from enabling" (because admin-setting can be used to prevent users from disabling the feature as well).
cc @KatTomrushka

Reviewer 2: `Administrators now have the ability to control Docker Scout image analysis in Settings Management`

### Bug fixes and enhancements

#### For all platforms

- Fixed a spacing problem in the `Accept License` pop-up.

> - Fixed a bug where the **Notifications drawer** changed size when navigating between **notifications list** and **Notification details** view.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where the **Notifications drawer** changed size when navigating between the **Notifications list** and **Notification details** view.
```

  - Hide push upload progress of manifests, configs and indexes (small json blobs) to match the original push behavior.
  - Fixed `docker diff` containing extra differences.
  - Fixed `docker history` not showing intermediate image IDs for images built with the classic builder.
  - Fixed `docker load` not being able to load images from compressed tar archives.
  - Fixed registry mirrors not working.
  - Fixed `docker diff` not working correctly when called multiple times concurrently for the same container.
  - Fixed `docker push` not reusing layers when pushing layers to different repositories on the same registry.
- Docker Init:
  - Fixed outdated links to Docker documentation included in generated files
  - Add support for ASP.NET Core 8 (in addition to 6 and 7)
- Fixed a bug that caused a failure when installing Wasm shims.
- Fixed a bug where Docker Desktop exits the [Resource Saver mode](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/use-desktop/resource-saver/) every 15 minutes, or, if the timer is set above 15 minutes, the resource saver mode never kicks in.
- Promoted the **Enable background SBOM indexing** option to **General settings**.

> - Docker Desktop now uses `com.docker.backend` as main process for faster bootstrap, better error handling, unified architecture.

Reviewer 4: Is this a user facing fix? Will users understand what this is about?

Author: It's a bit too internal, I'll remove it.

#### For Mac

- Enhanced error messaging when an update cannot be completed if the user doesn't match the owner of `Docker.app`. Fixes [docker/for-mac#7000](https://github.com/docker/for-mac/issues/7000).

> - Fixed a bug where "Re-apply configuration" might not work when `/var/run/docker.sock` is mis-configured.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where **Re-apply configuration** might not work when `/var/run/docker.sock` is mis-configured.
```

> - Do not overwrite `ECRCredentialHelper` if already present in `/usr/local/bin`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Docker Desktop doesn't overwrite `ECRCredentialHelper` if already present in `/usr/local/bin`.
```

#### For Windows

> - Fixed an issue where `Switch to Windows Containers` would show in the tray menu on Windows Home Editions. Fixes [docker/for-win#13715](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/13715)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where **Switch to Windows Containers** would show in the tray menu on Windows Home Editions. Fixes [docker/for-win#13715](https://github.com/docker/for-win/issues/13715)
```

#### For Linux

- Fixed a bug in `docker login`. Fixes  [docker/docker-credential-helpers#299](https://github.com/docker/docker-credential-helpers/issues/299)

> ## 4.25.0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## 4.24.2
```

Author: oupsss!
